Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Laura, what's seven times nine?
- Sixty-three.
Thanks.
Laura, what's eight times nine?
Seventy-two.
- Laura, what's nine...
- Eighty-one.
Hello, ladies. I thought we'd all do
our homework together.
- Uh-oh. Dad's paying bills. I'm out of here.
- Me too.
I wouldn't go in there, Grandma.
Dad's paying bills.
I can take my medication at any time.
It's time to put some food
in that little belly of yours.
Thanks, Rachel,
but I just had a couple of doughnuts.
I was talking to little Richie.
Carl, could you hold the baby for me
for a second?
- What...? Is he dry?
- Yeah.
Hello.
How about a big smile for your Uncle Carl?
Come on. Oh, there it is.
Oh, he's crazy about me, Rachel.
[CARL BABBLING]
Oh, excuse me, but are you,
by any chance, paying bills?
Yes. Why?
Come on, Richie. We're out of here.
Just the man I wanted to see.
Dad, I got this really big problem
and you're the only one that can help me.
I gotta have new high-tops.
Edward, the ones that you are wearing
are practically new.
I can't wear these anymore.
See? Kareem Abdul-Jabbar.
- So?
- So it's embarrassing.
The guy's retired.
I think I'd look great
in a pair of Michael Jordans.
I think you'd look great
in a military academy.
Dad, I'm serious.
I gotta have new high-tops.
Besides, they're only 70 bucks.
Edward, I would not pay $70
for a pair of shoes...
...if Lola Falana was in them.
You are not getting new high-tops.
Thanks a lot. Freshmen year is shot.
Hi, honey. How was your day?
CARL: Harriette, our food bills
are getting higher every month.
Do we have any kids
you haven't told me about?
I guess this is not a good time to tell you
that the car needs a tune-up.
[SIGHS]
Well, I guess I'll dump in some more
of that tune-up-in-the-can stuff.
I tried that.
The car spit it back at me.
Carl, we must have the money.
The police department
just got a pay increase.
- When does it kick in?
- It already kicked in.
That's funny. I didn't feel a thing.
Harriette, why don't you ask for a raise?
If anyone deserves one, it's you.
You are the best elevator operator
at the Chronicle.
Carl, I'm the only elevator operator
What I mean to say
is everybody likes you down there...
...and, well, honey,
we sure could use the money.
Well, you got that right.
I'll go see Mr. Seeger tomorrow
after work and ask for a raise.
That's my girl.
- You almost finished paying bills?
- I just started.
I'm out of here.
- Dad, is Mom home yet?
- No.
And why?
Well, because I figured
maybe she could take me to the mall.
[CHUCKLING]
Edward,
you are not getting those new high-tops.
Dad, I'm just going to look at them.
Son, there is an old saying:
Once I was sad because I had no shoes...
...until I met a man who had no feet.
Did I meet him?
You are not getting those new high-tops,
son.
HARRIETTE: Hi, honey.
- Hi, baby. How'd it go at work today?
Well, I walked into Mr. Seeger's office
and asked for a raise.
And what happened?
He gave me this.
Wha...
HARRIETTE: Hello, Mother Winslow.
- Hi, honey.
- Hi, Mom.
- Harriette...
...please tell me
that I'm looking at a bonus.
No, Carl.
You're looking at severance pay.
As of tomorrow, the Chronicle will have
a new self-service elevator.
That's great, Mom.
It'll make your job a lot easier.
Edward, your mother was just fired.
- From her job?
- No, from a cannon.
Harriette, that's terrible.
I thought they liked you.
They do.
That's why they didn't go self-service
years ago.
They didn't have the heart to fire me.
What changed their minds?
Well, I could be wrong, but I think
it was when I took Carl's advice...
...and marched in there like a fool
and asked for a raise.
Way to go, Carl.
[LAUGHING]
What happened?
- You people look like you're at a funeral.
- We are.
Mom's job just dropped dead.
- What?
- I was fired today, Rachel.
Don't worry, Harriette.
Everything is gonna be fine.
If we need extra money,
I'll get some part-time work.
But if we need some quick cash,
we can sell Judy's toys.
Mom.
- Fold.
- Stuff.
Seal.
- Fold.
- Stuff.
- Seal.
- Fold.
- Stuff.
- Seal.
So this is the kind of job
that's gonna save the family?
Hey, don't break our rhythm.
We're a well-oiled machine. Fold.
- Stuff.
- Seal.
- Aunt Rachel?
- Yes, honey.
What are these?
That's the other half
of what we're supposed to be stuffing.
Unseal.
Unstuff.
Unfold.
Harriette, you are going to get a job today.
I can feel it.
That's what you said all week,
but I still don't have a job.
Well, today is your day, honey.
I just know it.
Nobody's hiring elevator operators.
Well, then forget about
being an elevator operator.
Honey, there must be a thousand jobs
out there you'd be perfect for.
All you have to do is find one of them.
But, come on, where's that
Harriette Winslow, l-can-do-anything smile?
There it is. Now, see?
Who can resist that smile?
Thanks, I feel better already,
and today is the day.
When I walk back through that door,
I'm gonna have me a job.
Go get them, tiger.
Well, we finished the first batch
and we are really rolling now.
Who's we?
I made the girls assistant encasement
interlay specialists.
- They're what?
- Envelope stuffers.
It's fun except for the gross taste
it leaves in your mouth.
- You're supposed to use a sponge.
- I did.
But I still didn't get all that glue
off my tongue.
Come on, girls. We have to get down
to correspondence-delivery headquarters.
That means post office.
Carl, would you listen for the baby?
- All right. No problem.
- Okay.
Dad, I've been thinking.
No, Edward,
you're not getting those high-tops.
How'd you know
that's what I was thinking?
Because, son,
I know that you have a one-track mind...
...and right now it is on shoes.
If you want high-tops,
you're gonna have to use your money.
Use my own money? For shoes?
By the time I save enough
for those high-tops, I'll be dead.
Well, now, don't worry about that.
We'll bury you with feet sticking out
so people can see them.
Harriette, back so soon?
What's wrong?
The car broke down
at the end of the block.
- You left the car in the middle of the street?
- No, it left me in the middle of the street.
Come on, son,
let's go push the car back home.
Oh, don't worry, honey.
Things aren't that bad.
Did I mention that the car was on fire?
- Hi, everybody.
- Hi, honey.
Any luck finding a job today?
Nothing. Not a nibble.
But tomorrow's another day.
Well, now, listen.
You just sit down and relax.
I already made dinner.
- Great, I'm starved.
- Everybody to the table.
EDWARD:
Oh, that corn bread looks good.
JUDY:
I like the red Jell-O.
Harriette, you know
if you don't find a job soon...
...you can always help us
stuff envelopes.
Thanks.
Carl, I'd like to say grace tonight.
Do you mind?
Oh, go right ahead, Mama.
Dear Lord, we thank you
for this food we have before us.
And we ask you to watch over us...
...and to give Harriette
the strength she needs...
...to go out every day looking for work.
Please bless her
with patience and understanding...
...as she is turned away
from job after job after job after job...
Amen, Mama. Mama, amen. Amen.
Thanks for cooking tonight,
Mother Winslow.
Well, I'm only trying to help.
You know this entire meal
only cost $4.60.
[CARL CHUCKLES]
If it's one thing my mother knows, it's how
to feed a large family on a small budget.
Well, I lived through the Depression.
What's a depression?
Oh, it was a long time ago, honey.
The banks had failed.
People lost their jobs
and had to live on practically nothing.
Pass this to your father.
What is that?
That's mashed turnips and bacon.
I don't see no bacon.
I only used the drippings.
I can get another meal out of that meat.
That's why they call it
the Depression Dinner.
Well, I'm depressed.
Carl, there could be rough times ahead.
Mother, this is only temporary.
That's what they said about the Depression,
and it lasted 10 years.
Ten long years.
And then the war started.
I'm sorry, Mother Winslow.
I'm not hungry anymore.
- Me neither.
- Uh, sit down and eat your turnips.
I just don't know why everybody
is complaining. I always loved turnips.
Maybe it was parsnips.
Excuse me.
Do you mind if I join you?
Go ahead.
But I'm not gonna be good company.
Well, now, I don't know about that.
Honey,
I know how frustrating it is for you...
...going out there every day for a job
and coming back empty-handed.
But you just can't give up hope,
you know?
Carl, your mother's right.
It's gonna get a lot worse
before it gets better.
Let's face it.
All I've ever done is run an elevator.
Oh, now, Harriette,
you know that's not true.
You worked for the police department.
But that was years ago.
And then it was only for a few months
before I got pregnant with Eddie.
Boy, do I remember that.
That was some wicked morning sickness.
Yeah, but after the doctor
prescribed those pills, you were fine.
Well, we got through that together
and we can get through this together.
I don't know, Carl.
You know,
I thought I'd be able to find a job...
...making as much as I did
on the old one.
I see I'm gonna have to take
whatever I can get.
No. Now, no.
Now, I don't want you doing that.
Carl, we need the money,
and I'm not gonna let this family down.
Have you heard about any jobs
that you might find exciting?
Well, there was one,
but they're not gonna give it to me.
Well, what was it?
Well, the other day
when Mr. Seeger was firing me...
...I noticed a posting for a security job
at the Chronicle.
Now, there you go.
Honey, you can do that.
Harriette,
you graduated from the police academy.
You know the Chronicle building.
You'd be perfect.
The job requires management experience.
They're gonna tell me no.
Honey, it's not what they tell you.
It's what you tell them.
All you have to do
is show them who you really are...
...and you know
they're gonna want you real bad.
You think so?
I did. You're the best thing
ever happened to me.
Carl, you should've gone into sales.
[BOTH LAUGH]
Well, when you've got a great product,
it sells itself.
Thanks, honey.
[KNOCKING]
Come on in.
Hello, Mr. Seeger.
Harriette. What a surprise.
It's nice to see you back at the Chronicle.
- I like the new self-service elevator.
- It's a beaut, isn't it?
We should've put one in years ago.
Oh, I didn't mean that the way it sounded.
Well, then I didn't hear it
the way it sounded.
I'd love to sit and chat...
...but I'm interviewing people
for assistant director of Security.
I know. I'm your next interview.
Harriette, that's a management position.
Oh, I read the description
and I think I can handle the job.
Okay, do you have a résumé?
Oh, yeah.
I typed it myself.
That's nice.
Let me see.
Two jobs. The one here at the Chronicle.
- I see you worked at the police department.
- Yes.
Oh, but it was a clerical job.
But I did graduate the police academy.
Harriette, I like you, you know that.
But this job isn't right for you.
When something comes along that is right,
I'll give you a call.
I know how tough it is out there.
Would you mind asking Miss Olson
to send the next applicant in?
Mr. Seeger,
I really believe I can do that security job.
Harriette, I'm trying to be nice.
But the fact is this job requires
management experience.
You'd have people working under you.
You'd have to be a leader,
an organizer, a mediator.
Quite frankly,
this job is way out of your league.
Oh, really, Mr. Seeger?
For your information, I have management
experience coming out of my ears.
- That's not on your résumé.
- Yes, it is.
Right there, see?
It says, Mrs. Harriette Winslow.
I worked here full-time,
and I was a full-time mother.
You wanna talk management?
I managed a home,
a household budget and a family.
And, Mr. Seeger, I'm talking about a job
you can't call in sick for...
...you never get a raise or overtime.
And you can't take vacation.
Every day I'm a leader,
an organizer, and a mediator.
Those are my qualifications.
You want references?
Call Eddie, Laura and Judy Winslow...
...and ask them about my work.
You know the number.
I'm home.
Harriette, you've been gone five hours.
What happened?
Well, I went to see Mr. Seeger.
I stared him straight in the eye,
and I told him I could do the job...
...that I deserved the job...
...and that he'd be a fool
not to give me the job.
And then he gave you the job.
No, he told me I was unqualified,
so I told him off.
- And that took five hours?
- No, it only took about a minute.
But it felt so good
I treated myself to a double feature.
Well, good for you, honey.
- Oh, hi, Mom.
- Hi, baby.
Dad, guess what.
Your son has saved $70
from working overtime at the market.
Well, I'm proud of you, son.
So I guess the next time we see you,
you'll be wearing a new pair of high-tops.
Not really, Dad.
I finally figured out the thing
about the guy with no feet.
Here. I thought you could use this
to pay some bills.
Harriette, we should feed this boy turnips
five times a day.
Thank you, son.
Oh, Harriette. Honey, congratulations.
I am so happy for you.
You didn't get your first paycheck
for a while.
So I took my envelope money,
and bought this family a celebration dinner.
I got steak, I got potatoes, I got salad,
I got the works. Are you excited?
I know you must be.
Honey, you must feel fantastic.
I know I do.
In fact, I'm so happy, I could slap myself.
Girls, you can put those turnips away.
Tonight, this family is eating steak.
What happened?
You hit a cow on the highway?
No. Your mother got a new job
at the Chronicle.
[LAURA & JUDY SHRIEK AND GIGGLE]
Hey, hey, hey, hold on, hold on.
Now, Rachel, I appreciate your enthusiasm,
but I didn't get the job.
- You didn't?
- No.
Well, back to the turnips.
I can't believe Mr. Seeger
didn't give you that job.
Well, I did my best.
It just didn't work out.
But how could he change his mind
like that?
Especially after all the nice things
he said about you today.
Wait, wait, wait a minute. Hold on.
You talked to Mr. Seeger today?
Yeah, he phoned about an hour ago.
H... Hold it now. What did he say?
He mentioned that he was very impressed
by some speech you made.
And that he hoped that you could start
on Monday.
I'll call Mr. Seeger.
How did the job interview go?
We don't know, Mama.
She either got the job or she didn't.
Those would be the choices.
Hello, Mr. Seeger?
This is Harriette Winslow.
Did you call my house earlier today?
We got a little mix-up in the message.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Fine. Thank you. Goodbye.
Yes! Yes! Yes!
[ALL CHATTERING AND LAUGHING]
Now, wait. Listen, listen, listen.
I just wanna say thank you,
and to say how proud I am of everybody.
These last few weeks weren't easy.
But we pitched in there,
we got through it.
Why don't you pitch in
and help me with this dinner?
ESTELLE: Okay.
- You, set the table.
You, peel a potato. You, get the bread.
ESTELLE: Honey, get me a knife.
- I'll get you a knife.
You ain't said nothing but a word.
What was that for?
That was for being you.
Thanks for believing in me, sweetheart.
[CARL CHUCKLES]
I was just returning the favor.
You believed in me when I was afraid
to take the sergeant's exam.
You told me I could do it.
I not only did it, I aced that sucker.
And I was so proud of you.
And it only took me five tries.
[ENGLISH SDH]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org